Add OpenAPI changes to release note (#8901)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.9.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

#### OpenAPI tool

> - Integrated OpenAPI client generation to `bal build` command, in here user can provide the openapi tool config details in to the Ballerina.toml file and generate the client using `bal build` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OpenAPI client generation has been integrated to the `bal build` command. The user can provide the OpenAPI tool configuration in the Ballerina.toml file and generate the client during a build.
```

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

E.g.,

```

Reviewer 2: We have used `Example:` in other places (https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/8884/files).
Shall we finalize a pattern and make it consistent?

Author: For this release note i will add `For example`

> ```ballerina

Reviewer: May have to indent these.

> [[tool.openapi]]

Reviewer 3: This block needs to be indented to match with bullet points.

> id = "dBclient"

Reviewer: Why is only B uppercase?

filePath = "openapi.yaml"
targetModule = "delivery"
```

> - Introduced the `add` sub-command to the OpenAPI tool to update the Ballerina.toml file with the OpenAPI tool configuration details.

Reviewer: Add new lines wherever applicable.

> Example:

Reviewer 3: Add a new line before this to make it appear on a new line.

`bal openapi add -i <yaml file> --mode client --id <tool config id>`

> - Added OpenAPI mapping for the Ballerina constraints in OpenAPI specification generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for OpenAPI mapping for Ballerina constraints in OpenAPI specification generation.
```

Let's change where applicable in the subsequent points also.

- Added OpenAPI link field mapping for the Ballerina HATEOAS feature in OpenAPI specification generation.
- Added OpenAPI mapping for the Ballerina HTTP interceptor services in OpenAPI specification generation.
- Added OpenAPI response mapping for the Ballerina HTTP status code errors in OpenAPI specification generation.

> - Added the support for the Ballerina client generation with status code response binding, this can be enabled by providing the `--with-status-code-binding` flag to the `openapi` client generation command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the Ballerina client generation with status code response binding. This can be enabled by providing the `--with-status-code-binding` option to the OpenAPI client generation command.
```

> Example:

Reviewer 3: Add a new line before to this appear in a new line

`bal openapi -i <yaml file> --mode client --with-status-code-binding`

### Improvements

#### OpenAPI Tool

> - Added support for the Ballerina record rest field mapping in OpenAPI specification generation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Added support for the Ballerina record REST field mapping in OpenAPI specification generation.
```

> - Improved the OpenAPI client generation with the parameterized path segments in the OpenAPI specification by generating the Ballerina `remote` functions for the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the OpenAPI client generation with parameterized path segments in the OpenAPI specification by generating `remote` methods in the Ballerina client.
```

#### OpenAPI tool

> - OpenAPI client generation has been integrated to the `bal build` command. The user can provide the OpenAPI tool configuration in the Ballerina.toml file and generate the client during a build.

Reviewer: Or
```suggestion
- Integrated OpenAPI client generation to the `bal build` command.
```

> - OpenAPI client generation has been integrated to the `bal build` command. The user can provide the OpenAPI tool configuration in the Ballerina.toml file and generate the client during a build.
> 
>   For example:

Reviewer: Or
```suggestion
- Integrated OpenAPI client generation to the `bal build` command.

The user can provide the OpenAPI tool configuration in the Ballerina.toml file and generate the client during a build as follows:

```

>   ```ballerina

Reviewer: ````suggestion
  ```toml
````

Reviewer: May have to indent this since it is under a bullet point.

  [[tool.openapi]]
  id = "dbclient"
  filePath = "openapi.yaml"
  targetModule = "delivery"
  ```
  
- Introduced the `add` sub-command to the OpenAPI tool to update the Ballerina.toml file with the OpenAPI tool configuration details. 
  

>    For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example,
```

  `bal openapi add -i <yaml file> --mode client --id <tool config id>`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Added support for OpenAPI mapping for Ballerina constraints in OpenAPI specification generation.
- Added support for OpenAPI link field mapping for Ballerina HATEOAS feature in OpenAPI specification generation.
- Added support for OpenAPI mapping for Ballerina HTTP interceptor services in OpenAPI specification generation.
- Added support for OpenAPI response mapping for Ballerina HTTP status code errors in OpenAPI specification generation.
- Added support for Ballerina client generation with status code response binding. This can be enabled by providing the `--status-code-binding` option to the OpenAPI client generation command.
  

>   For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example,
```
